[Music]
better make sure you have your glasses
on you won't recognize your body with
this simple home workout unfortunately
not everyone has the opportunity to go
to the gym regularly but we have good
news for you you can achieve your dream
bot
simply by doing the right exercises at
home moreover if you do them
consistently you'll see the first
outstanding results within weeks so do
you want to have toned abs and gorgeous
buttocks guys if the answer is yes put
your sportswear on and let's get to it
but before your body transforms
completely don't forget to click
subscribe and turn on this little
notification bell now you won't miss any
of the updates and news coming daily
from the bright side of life but back to
our mysterious workout we're only going
to do 7 exercises 2 sets each don't
worry after every set you'll get some
time to relax we'll also tell you why
the exercise you're doing is necessary
and what it's good for are you ready
then let's get started
[Music]
exercise number one jumping jacks with
burpees yep you heard us correctly today
there are going to be a couple of
combined exercises here's how to do this
combination start by standing with your
feet together your arms should be at
your side's from this position raise
your arms above your head and jump up
spreading your feet out wide don't
forget that you have to do it all
simultaneously without stopping reverse
the movement and repeat it all clear now
for the Burpee part as you come back to
the initial position of the jumping jack
bend your knees and place your hands on
the floor in front of you kick your legs
back into the push-up position do a
little push up and jump your legs
forward once again to get into the bent
knees position finally stand back up
we're going to do five jumping jacks
with one Burpee well right after five
times for each set are you in position
then let's go 1 2 3 4 5 and Burpee 1 2 3
4 5 and Burpee good again 1 2 3 4 5 and
Burpee 2 more to go
1 2 3 4 5 and Burpee and 1 2 3 4 5
Burpee all right round 1 is complete now
let's relax a bit and learn more about
jumping jacks
it's basically an aerobic cardio
exercise that's incredibly beneficial
for your heart
coordination and flexibility in addition
it works out your whole body and
different muscle groups that's why you
can find jumping jacks in almost every
training session possible so how are you
feeling ready for set number two let's
go
1 2 3 4 5 Burpee and 1 2 3 4 5 Burpee
wonderful 1 2 3 4 5
Burpee
one two three four five Burpee and one
last time one two three four five Burpee
amazing as burpees are one of the most
intense full body exercises they can
easily burn the extra calories you
consume throughout the day plus they
make you way stronger and more resilient
but let's move right along to our next
exercise exercise number two walking
plank start in a regular plank position
with your forearms on the floor and your
body forming a straight line from your
shoulders to your feet from this
position push-up from the ground into
the elevated push-up position using one
arm at a time make sure you maintain
your straight plank line as well and
there you go that's the walking plank
for you let's do it fifteen times for
each set get into position and one two
three four five six seven eight nine 10
11 12 13 14 and 15
splendid the common plank itself is a
powerful core exercise but a walking
plank with a little movement to it makes
this well-known exercise even more
challenging and effective a walking
plank is especially good for your upper
body while still giving your other
muscles a good workout but enough
talking let's start our second set one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten
keep it up 11 12 13 14
fifteen and dot wonderful take a deep
breath and let's continue exercise
number three split squat jumps with
burpees and we're back to burpees y'all
however instead of doing jumping jacks
we're going to start the exercise with
two split squat jumps stand up straight
and jump into a lunge position make sure
your front knee doesn't go over your
toes then simply switch your front and
back foot and do a burpee like we did
before
we're gonna do this combo ten times for
each set let's begin one two Burpee good
one - Burpee
one two and Burpee one two Burpee one
two burp a 1 2 or B try to keep your
breath stable you're doing great one two
Burpee one two Burpee one two Burpee
one two Burpee and one two Burpee break
time a split squat jump is one of those
rare exercises that transforms your legs
completely while making them stronger at
the same time this type of jump also
strengthens your thigh muscles helping
you get the perfect buttocks you've
always dreamed of but our break is over
so it's time to get to work one two
Burpee
one two Burpee tie one two
Burpee one two Burpee one two Burpee one
two and Burpee one two boopie one two
Burpee hey we're almost done here one
two Burpee one two Burpee yeah
no more burpees but don't relax just yet
the next exercise is coming exercise
number four spider-man push-ups
well this exercise sounds totally cool
right maybe it's how spider-man
increases his powers but enough
assumptions let's find out what this
exercise is all about start in the basic
push-up position as you lower your body
toward the floor for the push-up lift
your right foot and swing your right leg
out sideways your aim is to touch your
elbow with your knee then go back to the
initial position and repeat the same
thing for your left leg our challenge
for today is to do it ten times for each
set let's start right now
one two three don't forget to change the
leggy left four five six seven eight
nine and ten
props to you for completing the first
set if your body aches and you feel like
this is too advanced for you you can
replace this type of push-up with
regular ones for your next set by the
way it's time to start it one two three
good but try to do the push-up a bit
lower four five six seven eight nine ten
alright you did it
doing spider-man push-ups regularly will
teach your chest and arm muscles to work
harder the result is simple strong and
beautiful arms and truly flawless ABS
exercise number five sprinter situps now
for the Sprinter setup start seated with
your knees bent and your feet flat on
the floor lean your torso back at about
a 45 degree angle from the floor and
extend your right leg about two inches
off the floor from this position pull
your torso back to the upright position
and pull your right knee towards your
chest while shooting your left arm
forward make sure you switch your arm
and leg every single time to work out
both sides properly ten times two sets
each will be just enough so let's get
down to business
one two don't forget to switch arms and
legs three four five six all right seven
eight nine and ten
Sprinter sit-ups are considered to be
one of the best ab exercises ever
created this is all thanks to the
ability of this exercise to stretch your
hip flexors and strengthen them along
with your ab muscles now that's what we
call impressive but times a-tickin so
let's get back to it 1 2 3 4 5 nice a
couple more six seven eight nine ten
tada but no fireworks just yet we have
some more work to do exercise number six
sit through is with mountain climber
[Music]
do you miss combo exercises if the
answer is yes you'll be happy to do the
next one we're going to start with a
couple of sit through 'z for this
combination so get into the push-up
position now lift your right hand and
left leg off the ground bring your hand
up to your head and kick your left leg
through well turning your body so that
your butt barely touches the ground
return to the push-up position and
repeat the same thing for your left hand
and right leg and now for the mountain
climber as you return to the push-up
position after to sit through pull your
right knee into your chest
then jump switching it to the left knee
continue to switch your knees like that
for four reps let's repeat this powerful
combo ten times one two now for the
mountain climber one two three four okay
once again one two three four five six
one two three four five
don't forget to breathe correctly one
two three four five six one two three
four five six one two three four five
six we know it's hard but keep going one
two three four five six one two three
four five six one two three four five
six one two three four five six nice sit
through exercises are a one-of-a-kind
treat for your body if you want to lose
weight this exercise burns excess
calories like no other and builds
dynamic strength within your muscles and
core sounds kind of exciting don't you
think but if you want to see all of its
benefits as soon as possible you need to
work so let's do this second set one two
three four five six don't forget to
switch sides force it through 1 2 3 4 5
6 1 2 3 4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6
good mountain climber right there 1 2 3
4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5
sex and one more time 1 2 3 4 5 6 the
mountain climber exercise improves your
mobility and the work of your
cardiovascular system moreover your
coordination significantly improves as
well this is a great abs and legs
exercise and adding sip throughs in
between makes it even more phenomenal
[Music]
exercise number 7 hip twister plank Hey
we're hip what's a good workout without
a plank right to finish yours will do
not just a regular plank but a hip
twister one so get into the forearm
plank position and rotate your torso
while dropping your left hip to the
ground so that your shoulders are above
your elbows from this position rotate
your torso to the opposite side as usual
ten times for each set one two three
four five six seven eight nine and ten
if you need to improve your balance stop
in the middle in between your rotations
to gain stability again the hip twister
plank is really good at fighting back
fat and can sculpt your abs shoulders
and back while targeting your glutes and
quads as well all right let's do one
more final set you can do it one two
three four keep it up five six seven
eight nine ten yeah we did it
now don't forget to do this home workout
regularly if you'll want to see quick
results as you become more comfortable
with the exercises you can do them more
times per set or increase the number of
sets oh and if you combine these
training sessions with healthy eating
habits and cut out all the junk food
fried food and sugar from your diet
you'll see the desired result even
faster
just remember that persistence is the
key so don't be lazy and
keep your body in shape so what about
you do you have any tips of your own for
how to lose weight quickly and
effectively maybe you know some other
amazing exercises tell us in the comment
section below hey if you enjoyed this
workout be sure to hit the like button
and share this video with your friends
who also want to upgrade their body if
you want to see more videos about
fitness and healthy lifestyles subscribe
to our Channel and join us on the bright
side of life
stay fit and we'll see you soon see you
soon